Calendar template (#4929)
kubernetes/community: communication/calendar-guidelines.md

Accept the invite from the sender and you'll have the updates.

> ### Calendar event template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Calendar Event Template
```

Changing to title case for consistency

> In case you are creating a calendar event and wondering what to include in it, you can refer to the following template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you are creating a calendar event and wondering what to include in it, here is a recommended template.
```

Changing to third person for consistency

> In case you are creating a calendar event and wondering what to include in it, you can refer to the following template

Reviewer 2: non-blocking nit, we try and word-wrap at 80 characters unless its something like a link or list object.

#### Title

```
[SIG-<name>] <meeting title>
or
[WG-<name>] <meeting title>
or
[User Group-<name>]
```
#### Description

```
<One line intro about the SIG/ WG. Can include github links>

Time: <Weekly/ biweekly/... or is the meeting for a fixed time and till when?>

> Meeting Notes & Agenda: <Hyperlink to the meeting notes doc>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meeting notes & agenda: <Hyperlink to the meeting notes doc>
```

Consistent case - this time sentence case.

> Zoom link: <Zoom invite link. Preferably both app and web client links>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zoom link: <Zoom invite link. Preferably include app client link, web client link, and dial in information>
```

Reviewer: @rajula96reddy added that last nit of an idea. Lmk if you agree - either way it's ready to go once we wrap this up.

Author: @mbbroberg Yeah about this. I am cool with adding dial in information as well. But the dial in information varies from country to country. This might be confusing for the person creating the event. We can still add it though considering the user will add a default country. What do you say?

Reviewer 2: Personally, I think we can skip the dial information and link out to their "find local dial in number page" - https://zoom.us/u/bacaZSMhA

> 

Reviewer: <Dial-in phone number and instructions>

Author: Is there supposed to something here? I don't find any change

Author: Is there supposed to be something here? I don't find any suggestion/ change.

Reviewer: Oops, ignore this one :eyes:

> Additional Info: <Any extra info/ links can be provided here>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional info: <Any extra info/ links can be provided here>
```

Livestream link: <optional>

> Youtube Playlist: <optional>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YouTube playlist: <optional>
```

Google group: <optional>
```

#### Example

> > SIG contribex sub project, Contributor Marketing team weekly discussion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> SIG-Contribex: Weekly Marketing Meeting
```

> 
> https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/communication/marketing-team
> 

> > **Time**: Weekly. Every Friday

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Time**: Weekly on Friday from 8-9am PT
```

> 
> **Meeting Notes & Agenda**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IlHAJ131akGhI5ffF4OoVW0PrsVY4C0BB8l-UyQaQVo/edit
> 
> **Zoom link**:

> >
> > &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; App: https://zoom.us/j/596959769

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> https://zoom.us/j/596959769
```

Reviewer 2: I'd actually use `https://zoom.us/j/XXXXXXXXXX` just to ensure no one actually uses that meeting ID^^;;;

Author: I have added `&nbsp` to have the links indented and clear. I am assuming, a user will end up copy pasting it from rendered markdown. Or should we let it be without any indentation at all?

Reviewer: Great point, @rajula96reddy -- I missed that when looking at plaintext.

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> One tap mobile
+16465588656,,596959769# US (New York)
+16699006833,,596959769# US (San Jose)

Dial by your location
        +1 646 558 8656 US (New York)
        +1 669 900 6833 US (San Jose)
Meeting ID: 596 959 769
Find your local number: https://zoom.us/u/acQiheRjN
```

Reviewer 2: If this is going to be included, I'd follow the same suggestion as above and replace the number with `XXX XXX XXX` 👍

Reviewer: :+1:

Author: Considering there are different numbers for different locations, should we include mobile info? 
Also adding more info, might make it clumsy. Like say when you hover over an event on the calendar. What do you say?

Reviewer: Good call @rajula96reddy, +1 to skipping it. It'd be good to remind people to include a #, but better not to list them.

> > &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Web Client: https://zoom.us/wc/join/596959769

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Seems redundant

Reviewer 2: The web client URL is for folks who can't use the full blown client, it makes it easier for them to join without having to find it themselves 👍 The one thing I'd do (outside of trimming the `&nbsp`) is replace the number with `XXXXXXXXXX`

Author: Yeah, I agree with adding a separate web client and app client URL
